## Write Up
My motivation for this program was strongly connected to my love for Basketball and my love for video games. I love sports in general, but anybody that knows me knows that Basketball is my favorite one. I am always either talking about it, playing it, or watching it. In fact, as I am typing this, I have the Warriors vs Bulls game playing in the background. This is even reflected in my love for video games. When I play video games, I am most likely playing NBA 2k. Since I was in Kindergarten, I have gotten every NBA 2k game that has been released since then. With that being said, when the opportunity for me to make a game came around, I had to jump on it. This is something that has crossed my mind many times, but I never really expected it to happen.  

When it comes to my initial thought process, I wanted my game to resemble the early versions of the famous NBA Jam. I had ideas of implementing dunks, 4 quarters, different animations, and much more. In my brain, this project was going to go smoothly and turn out to be exactly what I envisioned. When I started to learn the pygame module and started coding the game itself, I learned quickly that this program was not going to be like what I had in mind because it was not as easy to achieve as I thought it would be. For some reason, I thought that the process of making a game in python was going to be more easy than difficult when I thought out the game in my head. After realizing that, I reworked my game design so that it was more friendly to my newly learned abilities. Even with that being done, the process of making the program was still very tedious. There were moments when I thought that I was not going to have a functioning game by the due date. Another tough thing was shrinking the function which held my game. Because of the way my game was structured, there wasn't many ways to shrink the code after compiling it into functions, but I tried my best.

The core functionality of my PBA Jam program is that it simulates an arcade-style one vs one game of basketball. The rules implemented in this game is that the game runs until the winning score of 21 is reached, we are playing by possession meaning that any ball stoppage (block, steal, missed shot) results in a new possession (no rebounds), and it is in and halfcourt setting. It works by calling a function in `main()` that holds all the code which operates my program.   